Update bare metal deployments (#1055)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/depl-examples/minimal-bare-metal.adoc

IMPORTANT: With this approach, the system you install Infinite Scale on *must* have a GUI present. A headless system has different requirements and needs an extended setup, see xref:accessing-infinite-scale-other-than-localhost[Accessing Infinite Scale Other Than Localhost].

Define a stable binary to use as replacement for `<file_url>` via {ocis-downloadpage-url}/{download-type}/?sort=time&order=desc[download.owncloud.com,window=_blank], replace `<version>` in the command accordingly.

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----

> sudo wget -P {ocis_bin} <file_url>

Reviewer: This assumes, that <file_url> ends in .../ocis-<version> -- not sure how to best mention this important detail.

Author: If one cant distingusih the full url and the filename, he should not do installing at all... We can assume he knows.

Reviewer: file_url=https://download.owncloud.com/ocis/ocis/testing/7.0.0-rc.2/ocis-7.0.0-rc.2-linux-amd64
version=7.0.0-rc.2

seems legit, but won't work.

version=7.0.0-rc.2-linux-amd64 is needed here, which does not look like a version. 

Maybe we should change the wget command to:

`sudo wget -O {ocis_bin}/ocis-<version> <file_url>`

Author: we have `<file_url>` this is fully correct.
for `version`, I would then suggest to use `file_name` instead.

this make it very clear, because it is only the last segment of the url.
I write a commit with the change.

Author: commit added

----

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----

> sudo chmod a+x {ocis_bin}/<version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo chmod a+x {ocis_bin}/ocis-<version>
```

== Installation

* To get the stable binary from ownCloud, visit {ocis-downloadpage-url}/{download-type}/?sort=time&order=desc[download.owncloud.com,window=_blank], select the version and the platform of choice and copy the link of the file. Check the sort order on the modification date to get the most recent releases on top. Depending on your system and preferences, you may want to save the binary in `{ocis_bin}`. Replace `<file_url>` and `<version>` in the commands accordingly.
+
--

> Download the source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the binary:
```

[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
sudo wget -P {ocis_bin} <file_url>
----
--

* Make the binary executable with:
+
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
sudo chmod a+x {ocis_bin}/ocis-<version>
----

> * Create a link from the source to the final executable named `ocis`: +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a link from the versione ocis binary to the final executable named `ocis`: +
```

> Note when using a link to the source, upgrading and/or testing is much easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note when using a symbolic link like this, upgrading and/or testing is much easier.
```

+
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
sudo chmod a+x {ocis_bin}/<file_name>
----

> * Create a link from the versione ocis binary to the final executable named `ocis`: +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a link from the versioned ocis binary to the final executable named `ocis`: +
```
